Added a note to RPC runtime API (#17394)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/index.mdx

import { DirectoryListing, Render } from "~/components"

:::note

> If you are adding this feature to existing Workers or Pages, Cloudflare recommends [updating the Workers’ or Pages’ compatibility date](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding this feature to existing Workers or Pages, please make sure to have the correct [compatibility date](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates) set.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe we could/should just say something along these lines:
```
:::caution 
 
	 To use RPC, you must define a compatibility date of `2024-04-03` or higher, or include `rpc` in your [compatibility flags](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/#nodejs-compatibility-flag).
	  
::: 
```

(to stay compatible with other pages such as https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/f2b7164c163beba535ffb4cedb7a6250030b95bf/src/content/docs/workers/testing/vitest-integration/configuration.mdx?plain=1#L166-L172)

🤔

Author: Updated! (I prefer your second suggestion, as it's more specific and direct)

Reviewer: Cool! thanks for updating it 🫶

> If you are adding this feature to existing Workers or Pages, Cloudflare recommends [updating the Workers’ or Pages’ compatibility date](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates) first.

Author: ```suggestion
To use RPC, [define a compatibility date](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates) of `2024-04-03` or higher, or include `rpc` in your [compatibility flags](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/#nodejs-compatibility-flag).
```

> To use RPC, [define a compatibility date](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates) of `2024-04-03` or higher, or include `rpc` in your [compatibility flags](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/#nodejs-compatibility-flag).

Reviewer 2: Why does this link to the node.js compat flag section?
